It always seems impossible until it’s done. Nelson Mandela
If you’re going through hell, keep going. Never, never, never give up. Winston Churchill
Don’t quit. Never give up trying to build the world you can see, even if others can’t see it. Listen to your drum and your drum only. It’s the one that makes the sweetest sound. Simon Sinek
You’re going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option. Bob Proctor
I know from experience that you should never give up on yourself or others, no matter what. George Foreman
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. Henry Ford
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. Og Mandino
A winner is just a loser who tried one more time. George M. Moore Jr.
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying ‘I will try again tomorrow.’ Mary Anne Radmacher
As I look back on my life, I realize that every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being redirected to something better. Dr. Steve Maraboli
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. Confucius
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. Newt Gingrich
Survival can be summed up in three words – never give up. That’s the heart of it really. Just keep trying. Bear Grylls
Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. Thomas Edison
Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine. Jack Ma
There is no substitute for hard work. Never give up. Never stop believing. Never stop fighting. Hope Hicks
Positivity, confidence, and persistence are key in life, so never give up on yourself. Khalid
If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender, and rise up against the odds. Jesse Jackson
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude. Yani Tseng
Never give up. There are always tough times, regardless of what you do in anything in life. Be able to push through those times and maintain your ultimate goal. Nathan Chen
Never give in and never give up. Hubert H. Humphrey
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. Harriet Beecher Stowe
If you really believe in what you're doing, work hard, take nothing personally and if something blocks one route, find another. Never give up. Laurie Notaro
Never lose the childlike wonder. Show gratitude... Don't complain; just work harder... Never give up. Randy Pausch
Never quit believing that you can develop in life. Never give up. Don't deny the inward spirit that provides the drive to accomplish great things in life. Jon Huntsman, Sr.
Never give up; for even rivers someday wash dams away. Arthur Golden
If you never give up, you'll be successful. Dan O'Brien
Never give up if it is something that you really want. Debbie Millman